Cloud changelog - Apr 27 (#5562)
mattermost/docs: source/install/cloud-changelog.md

- [Release 2022-03-08](#release-2022-03-08)
- [Release 2022-03-02](#release-2022-03-02)

## Release 2022-04-27

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - Added the channel members list to the right-hand side Channel Info modal.
 - Added the ability to invite new users to a team from the **Add to channel** modal.
 - To be able to download images and copy public links for images quicker, a copy URL and download buttons were added to image thumbnails.
 - Added the ability to have one-character long channel names.

#### API Changes for Custom Integrations
 - Added a new API endpoint ``POST /api/v4/users/{user_id}/teams/{team_id}/threads/{thread_id}/set_unread/{post_id}`` to set a thread as unread by post id.
 - Added new API endpoints ``GET /api/v4/teams/:team_id/top/reactions`` and ``GET /api/v4/users/me/top/reactions`` to get top reactions for a team and user.
 - Fixed an issue where the ``UpdateUser`` API endpoint required a ``create_at`` field.

#### Performance
 - Improved the performance of ``GetTeamsUnreadForUser`` when Collapsed Reply Threads is enabled.

#### Bug Fixes
 - Fixed an issue where permalinks to direct and group message posts did not show a preview.

>  - Fixed an issue where a mention badge was unexpectedly present in addition to the thread item bolding when marking a root post with a mention as unread on the right-hand side with Collapsed Reply Threads enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue when Collapsed Reply Threads are enabled where marking a root post with a mention as unread displayed both a mention badge and the thread item being bolded.
```

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:

- [Release 2022-04-27](#release-2022-04-27)
- [Release 2022-04-13](#release-2022-04-13)
- [Release 2022-03-30](#release-2022-03-30)
- [Release 2022-03-16](#release-2022-03-16)
- [Release 2022-03-08](#release-2022-03-08)
- [Release 2022-03-02](#release-2022-03-02)

## Release 2022-04-27

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - Added the channel members list to the right-hand side Channel Info modal.
 - Added the ability to invite new users to a team from the **Add to channel** modal.
 - To be able to download images and copy public links for images quicker, a copy URL and download buttons were added to image thumbnails.
 - Added the ability to have one-character long channel names.

#### Administration

>  - Added a new config cleanup job to regularly remove outdated entries from the database. The threshold for this setting can be adjusted with ``JobSettings.CleanupConfigThresholdDays``.

Reviewer 2: Added a new cleanup job to regularly remove outdated config entries from the database. The threshold ..

>  - Added a new cleanup job to regularly remove outdated config entries from the database. The threshold for this setting can be adjusted with ``JobSettings.CleanupConfigThresholdDays``.

Reviewer 3: Not for Cloud

>  - Added a new API endpoint ``POST /api/v4/users/{user_id}/teams/{team_id}/threads/{thread_id}/set_unread/{post_id}`` to set a thread as unread by post id.

Reviewer 3: For this and the other API change that remains, I would change this section header to `#### API changes for Custom Integrations`

>  - Added ``fromWebhook`` property to the webapp plugin API.

Reviewer 3: Not for Cloud

 - Added new API endpoints ``GET /api/v4/teams/:team_id/top/reactions`` and ``GET /api/v4/users/me/top/reactions`` to get top reactions for a team and user.

>  - Bumped Go to v1.18.

Reviewer 3: Not for Cloud

#### Performance
 - Improved the performance of ``GetTeamsUnreadForUser`` when Collapsed Reply Threads is enabled.

>  - Improved the performance of configuration read/writes if the configuration is stored on a database.

Reviewer 3: Not relevant for Cloud

#### Bug Fixes

>  - Fixed an issue where the ``UpdateUser`` API endpoint required a ``create_at`` field.

Reviewer 3: I would move this to the above API changes section

 - To be able to download images and copy public links for images quicker, a copy URL and download buttons were added to image thumbnails.
 - Added the ability to have one-character long channel names.

#### Administration
 - Added a new config cleanup job to regularly remove outdated entries from the database. The threshold for this setting can be adjusted with ``JobSettings.CleanupConfigThresholdDays``.
 - Added a new API endpoint ``POST /api/v4/users/{user_id}/teams/{team_id}/threads/{thread_id}/set_unread/{post_id}`` to set a thread as unread by post id.
 - Added ``fromWebhook`` property to the webapp plugin API.
 - Added new API endpoints ``GET /api/v4/teams/:team_id/top/reactions`` and ``GET /api/v4/users/me/top/reactions`` to get top reactions for a team and user.
 - Bumped Go to v1.18.

#### Performance
 - Improved the performance of ``GetTeamsUnreadForUser`` when Collapsed Reply Threads is enabled.
 - Improved the performance of configuration read/writes if the configuration is stored on a database.

#### Bug Fixes
 - Fixed an issue where the ``UpdateUser`` API endpoint required a ``create_at`` field.

>  - Fixed an issue where permalinks to Direct and Group Message posts did not show a preview.

Reviewer: Docs is moving away from capitalizing product features like Direct Messages or Group Messages.

>  - Fixed an issue where permalinks to Direct and Group Message posts did not show a preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where permalinks to direct and group message posts did not show a preview.
```

>  - Fixed an issue where a mention badge was present when marking a root post with a mention as unread on the right-hand side with Collapsed Reply Threads enabled.

Reviewer: I'm not clear on what we've changed/fixed in this situation. Have we hidden the mention badge under these circumstances?

Author: I clarified the text.

>  - Fixed an issue where copy links did not fire a track callback until the copy link was actually clicked.

Reviewer: What would this look like to an end user who is unfamiliar with track callbacks?

Author: I removed this as it's likely not important to add here.

 - Fixed an issue where the public link to generate the API was getting called even if public links were disabled.
 - Fixed an issue with onboarding page view events.

>  - Fixed an issue where the custom emoji "Next" button was out of view when a banner was present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where the custom emoji **Next** button was out of view when a banner was present.
```
